Additions to multi-main setup docs (#1885)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/hosting/scaling/queue-mode.md

In queue mode you can run more than one `main` process for high availability.

Normally, in a single-mode setup, the `main` process is responsible for two sets of tasks: 

- **regular tasks**, such as running the API, serving the UI, listening for webhooks, and handling manual executions, and 
- **at-most-once tasks**, such as running non-HTTP triggers (timers, pollers, and persistent connections like RabbitMQ and IMAP), and pruning executions and binary data.

In a multi-main setup, there are two kinds of `main` processes:

- **followers**, which run **regular tasks**, and
- the **leader**, which runs **both regular and at-most-once tasks**.

### Leader designation

> In a multi-main setup, all `main` processes attempt to set a short-lived key on Redis - the `main` process that first sets the key becomes the leader and will keep renewing the key to remain the leader. If the leader ever fails to renew the key, e.g. because it crashed or its event loop became too busy, the follower that first sets the key on Redis becomes the new leader, taking over the former leader's tasks. If the previous leader becomes responsive again, it becomes a follower.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a multi-main setup, all `main` handle the leadership process transparently to users. In case the current leader becomes unavailable, e.g. because it crashed or its event loop became too busy, other followers can take over. If the previous leader becomes responsive again, it becomes a follower.
```

I don't think we need to provide this level of details here. Just a suggestion.

### Configuring multi-main setup

#### Pre-requisites

To deploy n8n in multi-main setup, ensure: 

- All `main` processes are running in queue mode and are connected to Postgres and Redis.
- All `main` and `worker` processes are running the same version of n8n.
- All `main` and `worker` processes have a valid tenant ID and license key.
- All `main` processes have set the environment variable `N8N_MULTI_MAIN_SETUP_ENABLED` to `true`.

> - All `main` processes have set a unique `N8N_PORT`.

Reviewer: This is not necessary, if using traeffik or any sort of application load balancer, all containers can use port 5678 and route properly
```suggestion
```
